[Music]
what is up
guys karma medic here and welcome back
to another
dose if you're new to the channel hi my
name is nasser and i'm a fourth year
medical student studying at king's
college london
and just now my youtube channel has
passed 500
000 subscribers it's an absolutely
unreal number something
very very difficult to imagine in my
head and actually quantify and realize
what that actually means i feel like i
need confetti or balloons or something
here in my room in order to celebrate
this monumental achievement but really
what i want to say is thank you to you
guys who continue to watch my videos and
support me
pretty much no matter what type of video
i upload no matter how many breaks i
take or how long i've gone for or
anything like that
you guys have been very consistent in
showing me support and love and for that
i just want to say thank you
so at the beginning of this year on
january the 2nd 2020 i was on a flight
back from greece coming here to the uk
in order to start the new year and i
wrote down some of my new year's
resolutions
in my little red journal and at the very
very top the very first thing that i
wrote
was 500 000 subscribers on youtube so at
the time i was at 100 000 subscribers
and when i was deciding what number to
write there i was gonna write two
hundred thousand but then i told myself
you know what
just write something absolutely huge
astronomical that will probably never
happen
it's better to have a really really big
goal and just reach for that
so i wrote down five hundred thousand
and here we are
so usually celebrate this type of
milestone on my youtube channel i would
do a q a
but i thought you know what this time
let's do something a little bit
different and let me share with you guys
50 facts that you don't know about me
so first things first i am one meter 88
centimeters tall
i get this question all the time across
youtube twitter and instagram so i
thought i would address this right here
at the beginning for everyone who wants
to know so both my parents are jordanian
i was born in vancouver canada and then
i moved to greece for about 18 years
before i moved back to canada to do my
undergraduate degree in toronto and now
i'm studying medicine in the united
kingdom so i don't really feel like i
have any one country that i belong to i
feel very multicultural and that's
something that's shaped me into the
person that i am today
and i think it's probably one of the
best things that's happened to me next
my front tooth
this one over here is actually fake i
broke it going down a water slide
backwards and when i got down to the
bottom of the water slide i smashed my
head down
and i completely broke this tooth if you
look really close in some of my videos
you might be able to see it around the
age of 9 or 10 i was actually bitten by
a lion
here on my thigh yes you heard that
right i was bitten by an actual lion
the way this happened is that i was at a
zoo in abu dhabi and one of the
zookeepers had a lion on a leash and was
just walking around the park
so being the cool kid that i am i
decided that i wanted to pet it and i
did pet the line but after i did it bit
me now the reason that i'm still here
today
is because this line wasn't an adult
line it was a baby line
still a big big line not like a little
cub it was a big line but still a baby
line
i haven't broken any bones in my body
but when i was younger i did have
internal bleeding in my left foot after
a trampolining accident
as an adult i fractured my pinky i've
damaged my medial collateral ligament in
my knee and i've also damaged the
collateral ligament in my proximal
interphalangeal joint of this finger
i have a very very strong aversion to
the texture of
airy foods or substances in my mouth for
example things like toothpaste
whipped cream cucumbers spongy cakes or
desserts and things like that
even just the thought of having those
textures or feelings in my mouth just
makes me want to gag when i was younger
i used to be a
huge video game nerd i've put something
like 500 hours into call of duty just on
my pc alone excluding all the time i've
spent on xbox i also used to play games
like runescape god knows how many hours
i've put into that i'm allergic to a
bunch of things but most notably cat and
dog fur
and then the classic pollen and dust in
the house along the topic of allergies i
have a skin condition called
dermatographia
which is a greek word that directly
translates to writing on the skin so if
i take a closed object
like this pen over here and then i write
out the word let's say hello on my
forearm
without applying really any pressure at
all just sort of mapping out the word
hello using this pen
i'll show you guys the before and after
so before it looks like this
completely normal arm and i'll check in
with you guys in a couple of questions
and show you what happens my 10th fact
is actually a reverse fact i want you
guys to let me know something
interesting or unique about you in a
comment down below
i'd love to hear a little bit more about
the people who are actually watching my
videos and supporting me on this channel
number 11 i am absolutely addicted to
coffee i'm drinking coffee right now i'm
drinking coffee in every single one of
my videos whether that's on or off
camera i even made an entire video about
the different types of coffee i drink
how i drink them and things like that
if you guys have got any interesting
ways of brewing coffee or any coffee
blends that i should check out do let me
know in a comment down below i like to
think that i get all of my work ethic
and my discipline from my dad
he's an absolute genius he attended two
universities at the same time to get two
different degrees
at the same time he's extremely
knowledgeable in the worlds of business
and finance he always keeps his cool and
thinks in a very logical
way i really look up to him i like to
think that i get my artistic and
creative side from my mom
she's an interior designer and she's the
one who sort of sparked an interest in
drawing for me so the big human skeleton
that you guys see on my wall in most of
my videos and the heart that has a tree
growing out of it as well i actually
drew those they're not stickers on the
wall or things that i bought online
i drew them in my first year of medical
school and then in high school i drew
this like huge scorpion all over my wall
above my bed all right quick little
check in on my arm
h-e-l-l i don't know if you guys can see
that maybe it needs different lighting
but
there's like an h here and then an
e-l-l-o
if you're wondering it doesn't really
hurt at all it's only really bothersome
if i like bump into something with my
arm or i scratch my face particularly
hard
then i'll get these big lines and bumps
on them that go away after something
like
15 or 20 minutes i've also got a twin
sister she's a lawyer working here in
london we actually live together
her room is just behind me over there
and i see you guys getting confused all
the time between my sister
and my girlfriends let's clarify this
once and for all right now this is my
sister noor
and this is my girlfriend alexia noor
alexia
sister girlfriend my outro that you guys
see at the end of all of my videos where
i say
i'll see you in the next one peace and
then i close my hand over the camera
that's actually inspired by somebody
called optic hex he used to be this very
very big call of duty player back in the
day
his outro sounds something like this
there's some guys as always this has got
hacks
okay next is that i have asthma i've had
asthma ever since i was a kid
it was a lot worse when i was younger
and i sort of have grown out of it to
some extent as i've grown older i carry
two inhalers with me
all the time i've got my blue salbutamol
reliever inhaler here
and then my inhaled corticosteroid
purple
preventer inhaler over here i keep these
in the top drawer next to my desk i have
some in my bag
and i also have some in the closet so i
always make sure that i have them around
thankfully as an adult it hasn't really
been too serious i mostly get symptoms
when i do a lot of exercise or any time
that i laugh
very hard laughing is the best way to
absolutely ruin my breathing the first
time i applied to medical school back in
i was rejected by all four universities
and it was probably the saddest time of
my life looking back on it now i'm so
happy that it happened because i got to
go to toronto and have four years of an
amazing life experience and i wouldn't
change that for the world
but at the time it was very very brutal
and difficult to go through i've made a
couple of videos about this so i'll try
and link them in the description down
below
next is that i'm an absolute beast at
mario kart on the original wii i
challenge anyone to a tournament in that
game and if you can beat me i will
publicly apologize to you on my
instagram
generally speaking i'm a very happy and
positive person
it's very difficult to make me angry and
few things will make me upset i tend to
brush a lot of things off my shoulder
and forget about them and just move on
the way that i think about it is i would
hate to look back on my day
on my week or my month and think that i
spent any significant amount of time
being upset about something or being
worried about something
i like to try and take things easy as
they come as they go and sort of make
the best of a bad situation or try and
always look at the silver lining in life
and
of things that are happening to me i
always always always
shower right before i go to sleep i
can't possibly imagine getting into my
bed
being dirty after a full day of going
out and activity and things like that
on top of that i get really warm and hot
and bothered when i'm sitting in bed
and so having a shower right before i
get under the covers make sure that i'm
cool enough to give myself something
like 15-20 minutes where i can fall
asleep
before i get too hot and bothered and it
just becomes difficult while growing up
in greece we had
so many different pets in the house over
an 18-year period we have had
seven cats two dogs many many different
birds some that we even breeded
i had a budgie that would chill on my
shoulder which was also really fun
we had a big parrot two turtles many
tortoises
hamsters guinea pigs and newt many
different types of fish including a
school of piranhas at some point and i
think that's it and just to reiterate we
didn't have all of these in the house at
the same time we've just had many many
pets over the years that we lived in
greece i started this youtube channel
with the intention of helping somewhere
between 10
and 50 people and i told myself that
when i had managed to achieve that it
would be a job well done i honestly
thought nobody would watch my videos
let alone grow an audience to this size
i just wanted to help a small amount of
people get into medical school because i
felt that i had gained a lot of
knowledge through the medical school
application process
and i wanted to help some other people
get accepted as well i'm still good
friends with almost all of my friends
from high school
there's a group of about six of us that
i've known since i was five years old
and actually two of them lived down the
road from me right now so we're all very
very close they're almost like family
and brothers to me my sister and i were
born two months premature
and we have this running joke in the
family that my sister received all of
the good nutrients and all the good food
and i was sort of left there on the side
because i'm the one who has the asthma
and the allergies and my sister sort of
turned out okay i absolutely love
exercise i go running once or twice a
week i go to the gym once or twice a
week and also play basketball once a
week it's something that i would highly
highly recommend to everyone i think
everyone should be exercising
it's absolutely fantastic i'm a very
strong believer in the 10 000
hour rule which says that if you put 10
000 hours of practice or effort into a
skill
that you will become very very good at
it okay this is an interesting one
and one that i always knock wood when i
talk about
but it's the fact that i can fall asleep
very very quickly i feel like this is
almost a superpower that i have
when i get into bed generally speaking
it takes me
less than five minutes definitely less
than 10 minutes to fall asleep
most of the time i honestly never want
to lose this ability it's something that
i'm really really happy about
and i hope never goes away so when i nap
i nap for either 6 minutes 11 minutes
16 minutes or 21 minutes and the reason
that i have that extra one minute on the
end of each of those times is because
napping in the middle of the day
sometimes can be a slippery slope to
wasting a whole bunch of time and so in
order to prevent procrastinating by
scrolling through my phone or doing
something else instead of actually
napping with the time that i told myself
i want to nap
i set the timer for an extra one minute
and i give myself exactly one minute
to get into bed close my eyes and be
ready for sleep that way i don't waste
any time and the amount of time i told
myself i was going to nap
is how long i nap for next is that i'm
an early bird for sure i prefer to do
all of my work and important activities
in the morning
if you've been watching this channel for
any amount of time i'm sure you know
that already there's very few things
that scare me in real life
but bugs and specifically flying bugs is
definitely one of them if i'm out and
about in the street or in a park it
doesn't bother me that much
but if i ever get a flying bug in my
room or when i'm sitting down to eat
lunch or dinner and i'm sitting outside
or something like that
it is the absolute worst i rarely deal
with that by myself i almost always call
either noor or alexia to help me deal
with the bee
or the massive fly or whatever it is all
right number 31
is that i'm not a fan of dessert at all
i really don't like cakes brownies
anything spongy like i talked about
before generally what we think about
desserts i really really don't like the
only dessert type of thing that i eat is
ice cream
and only recently i've started
incorporating chocolate into my diet
i used to only eat chocolate once every
couple of months but now that i'm on the
wards for long periods of time i find
that having chocolate snacks is actually
really helpful throughout the day
so i'm introducing that to my diet now
so my favorite snack to eat throughout
the day or pretty much any time is fruit
and it is not uncommon for me to eat
huge huge amounts of fruit in a single
setting
i've definitely had a couple of times
where i've eaten an entire watermelon in
one setting
or an entire melon like five peaches or
four apples or whatever
whenever i eat fruit i tend to eat it in
very large batches
i once very bravely battled a raccoon
which entered my student house in
toronto
[Music]
i've been filming and editing videos on
youtube for a lot longer than this karma
medic channel has been around
i used to film videos about anything
from playing basketball to
call of duty montages to me going on
holiday or any just fun things i was
doing in my day i used to be the biggest
android fanboy i would only use samsung
phones and i would hate on anyone who
had an iphone or other apple products
until i actually used an apple product
myself the first apple product that i
bought was my macbook followed by my
iphone and my ipad
and i am never going back i don't like
sitting or being in one place
or doing one thing for any long period
of time at all
i really can't binge tv shows i can't
lay in bed on my phone for long periods
of time
like 5-10 minutes is plenty i'm very
purposeful
specific and pretty much anal with how i
spend my time
i always make sure that anything i
choose to spend my time on is going to
be a net positive for me or something
that i really want to do
and i pretty much avoid anything else
like the plague when i was younger i
used to really not care about my style
my clothing or my appearance when i left
the house
i would go to my university lectures
with like crazy spiky bed hair
i'd be wearing bright red track pants
and a bright green t-shirt and i
wouldn't even think about it
sad times number 39 i actually love
meeting you guys in real life if you
ever spot me on campus or walking around
please feel free to come say hi it's
really great to be able to put a face to
some of the people who watch and support
these videos
actually get to interact with you guys
and meet you in real life when i was a
kid i always
really really really wanted to go
skydiving and bungee jumping but my
parents never let me
and now as i grow older i'm becoming
more and more scared of those two
activities
so i feel like i need to go out there
and do them quickly before i become too
scared and decide not to do them at all
when i was younger me and my sister were
the biggest fans of pokemon cards
we would do any chores around the house
in exchange for like 50 cents or 60
cents from my parents
and we would accumulate our money over
like a week or two
in order to go down to the local toy
store and buy a pack of pokemon cards
and i still remember the price it was
4.99 and i remember that because we'd
always pay with a five year
note and get one sense in change when i
went to university for the first time i
didn't know how to cook
rice or pasta that's embarrassing i've
never been able to solve a three by
three rubik's cube using
logic and what i mean by that is by not
memorizing an algorithm and just going
through the motions
and that really really bothers me i
would like to solve a rubik's cube by
logic you know what i should probably
buy one and get on that
i'm very much a visual learner i like to
absorb and digest information
in images diagrams flow charts or
anything like that
if i see information presented in that
way i'll remember it so much better than
just blocks of text or by audio
i almost exclusively listened to rap
music everything from old school
gangster rap to modern trap rap it's my
favorite genre by far
number 46 is that i hate the london
underground
it's hot it's humid it's loud it's
chaotic
every time i ride it i feel like it's
sucking the soul and fun out of my life
when i was first starting out on youtube
i didn't care at all about my appearance
and so i have videos of me on the
internet looking like this
at the time i just wanted to distribute
what i thought was very valuable
information and i thought nobody was
gonna watch my videos and nobody was
gonna see them so i didn't put any
effort into fixing my hair or getting
dressed properly before making a video
number 49 so number 49 is the origin
story
behind this orange dog which we've named
scrubs basically one day i was in
toronto walking around this area called
kensington market
and i my all-time favorite tv shows are
prison break
breaking bad and lost number 50 the
final fact of this video
is i just want to say thank you thank
you guys for watching and supporting my
videos it's absolutely absurd that this
many people care about what i'm doing on
a daily or weekly basis
i hope you guys are enjoying it as much
as i am and that you're getting out of
it as much as i do
as long as you guys are enjoying the
videos and continuing to support me i'm
going to continue to make them and all
right guys that is it that is my 500
000 subscriber special video i hope
you've enjoyed learning some of these
facts about me which i'm sure you didn't
know before
if there's anything you'd like me to
make videos on in the future let me know
in a comment down below and yeah i guess
we'll sign this off with
next one hopefully we'll be at a million
subscribers
that that sounds very weird coming out
of my mouth that sounds
that sounds crazy but yeah if that ever
happens i will probably make another one
of these milestone videos
until then i'll see you guys every
single thursday uploading brand new
content see you guys in the next one
peace
[Music]
everyone follow me
that's m i l i a r s
okay bye